Readme.md, before:

This app is still in pre-alpha. This project was inspired by a book I read about the sociology of fashion. The author argues that fashion is a symbolic cultural product, dimensionally different from discussions on the articles of clothing. In the great words of Yuniya Kawamura, "fashion is not about clothes but is a belief". In her book, she clarifies the difference between a "fashion system" and a "clothing system", where fashion has intangible value yet propagated by cultural infrastructures promoting the activities of perceiving clothing as art.

Reference: Kawamura, Yuniya. 2005. Fashion-ology. Oxford: Berg.

Demo of Flask app on Google App Engine: http://style-buzz.appspot.com

Demo of Django app on PythonAnywhere: http://katychuang.pythonanywhere.com

------

> This is the description of the project. It is also up on the wiki page.

FashionForecaster is a project that includes several dimensions:

* It is a open source code project.

* It is a community for those who are interested in Python and fashion. A quick search of python repositories show apps involving weather forecast or shopping tools. FashionForecaster is different in that it will be a display of fashion style trends. Will explain important of trends in the section below on fashion forecasting.

* It is an information resource of fashion trends, to gather and present opinions of trends spoken by fashion industry leaders and by consumers.

This project would be of interest to anyone that would like to see a case study the application of social media API python libraries, data analysis libraries, the formation of a large collaborative project, as well as anyone interested in fashion related topics. I believe that indirectly this project will bring exposure to the Python Open Source community in non-traditional domains such as the fashion industry and possibly even interest academic researchers to incorporate Python as their tool of choice. 

**1. End Product** Our current design ideas for FashionForecaster include these components but are not limited to: 

1. Social stream aggregator - python API packages to crawl social media data related to fashion (i.e. twitter, pinterest) 
2. Web framework to present data - i.e. django combined with jquery 
3. Data analysis - python libraries such as numpy, textmining. This would be the big data portion, and we plan to do this after data is collected.

**2. Fashion Forecasting** Fashion forecasting is a concept in market research, of predicting upcoming trends to inform clothing manufacturing and merchandising decisions. Historically, fashion forecasting is done by humans, which can be a slow, manual process that is expensive and subjective. In recent years, a booming trend of fashion bloggers and social media communities have popped up on the web, leading to much publicly available data for aggregation and analysis. To date there is no documented source involving open source tools used for predicting fashion trends.

It is important to find out fashion trends on a large scale because it provides an objective analysis of conversations about fashion. A similar forecasting approach has been done on quality of wines based on weather data (link) The fashion industry thrives on changing trends each season, to interest consumers into updating their wardrobe. Trends are the driving force behind the entire industry, and it would be interesting to find out the origination of this force.

**3. Contributions** The culmination of this project will produce an information resource helpful to the fashion community at large, as well as Python community. There lacks a freely available yet well designed web resource that provides up-to-date, accessible information about fashion trends (i.e. color choices, accessories, stylistic themes). Most of the currently available information is not for the everyday consumer. Additionally, there are limited examples of open source code using social API important to the Fashion industry such as Pinterest and Tumblr.

Commit message:

label this as GAE/flask version

Readme.md, after:

# This is the google app engine version, running on Flask

This app is still in pre-alpha. This project was inspired by a book I read about the sociology of fashion. The author argues that fashion is a symbolic cultural product, dimensionally different from discussions on the articles of clothing. In the great words of Yuniya Kawamura, "fashion is not about clothes but is a belief". In her book, she clarifies the difference between a "fashion system" and a "clothing system", where fashion has intangible value yet propagated by cultural infrastructures promoting the activities of perceiving clothing as art.

Reference: Kawamura, Yuniya. 2005. Fashion-ology. Oxford: Berg.

Demo of Flask app on Google App Engine: http://style-buzz.appspot.com

Demo of Django app on PythonAnywhere: http://katychuang.pythonanywhere.com

------

> This is the description of the project. It is also up on the wiki page.

FashionForecaster is a project that includes several dimensions:

* It is a open source code project.

* It is a community for those who are interested in Python and fashion. A quick search of python repositories show apps involving weather forecast or shopping tools. FashionForecaster is different in that it will be a display of fashion style trends. Will explain important of trends in the section below on fashion forecasting.

* It is an information resource of fashion trends, to gather and present opinions of trends spoken by fashion industry leaders and by consumers.

This project would be of interest to anyone that would like to see a case study the application of social media API python libraries, data analysis libraries, the formation of a large collaborative project, as well as anyone interested in fashion related topics. I believe that indirectly this project will bring exposure to the Python Open Source community in non-traditional domains such as the fashion industry and possibly even interest academic researchers to incorporate Python as their tool of choice. 

**1. End Product** Our current design ideas for FashionForecaster include these components but are not limited to: 

1. Social stream aggregator - python API packages to crawl social media data related to fashion (i.e. twitter, pinterest) 
2. Web framework to present data - i.e. django combined with jquery 
3. Data analysis - python libraries such as numpy, textmining. This would be the big data portion, and we plan to do this after data is collected.

**2. Fashion Forecasting** Fashion forecasting is a concept in market research, of predicting upcoming trends to inform clothing manufacturing and merchandising decisions. Historically, fashion forecasting is done by humans, which can be a slow, manual process that is expensive and subjective. In recent years, a booming trend of fashion bloggers and social media communities have popped up on the web, leading to much publicly available data for aggregation and analysis. To date there is no documented source involving open source tools used for predicting fashion trends.

It is important to find out fashion trends on a large scale because it provides an objective analysis of conversations about fashion. A similar forecasting approach has been done on quality of wines based on weather data (link) The fashion industry thrives on changing trends each season, to interest consumers into updating their wardrobe. Trends are the driving force behind the entire industry, and it would be interesting to find out the origination of this force.

**3. Contributions** The culmination of this project will produce an information resource helpful to the fashion community at large, as well as Python community. There lacks a freely available yet well designed web resource that provides up-to-date, accessible information about fashion trends (i.e. color choices, accessories, stylistic themes). Most of the currently available information is not for the everyday consumer. Additionally, there are limited examples of open source code using social API important to the Fashion industry such as Pinterest and Tumblr.
